---
id: 52
title: Why blog?
date: 2005-03-07T09:22:00+00:00
author: Shawn
layout: post
guid: http://top-frog.com/?p=52
permalink: /2005/03/07/why_blog/
categories:
  - 'Web Design &amp; Development'
---
Blogging is all over. Blog software is free and highly customizeable. So why am I doing this? Well, its for my own education and sanity. I don't really expect anyone to read this, but I seem to have gathered a bit of readership just in doing what I find to be both fun and educational.



**Education**  
Doing this is teaching me a lot about web design, html semantics, css and php. The experience that I'm getting by being able to try anything that I want, no just what somebody wants, is teaching me more than I could have expected. 

**Sanity**  
Writing things down is pretty soothing. It takes a load off the mind to be able to write something out. I've done this in the past in a few different forms, one of them being to write a scathing email to someone and just not send it, to get things off my chest. I've never had a focused effort to do so and provide an outlet on a number of different levels and this has been a wonderful way to just spur a thought process on something that requires development. For example being able to write out about the problems with Bear (which are starting to work out very well) gave me what I needed to completely think the process through. Sometimes the addition of a little personal dialogue to what I'm already talking to someone else about can help solidify what my position really is.

**Fun**  
Well, to tell the truth, seeing comments on what I write is a bit of a kick. I know I'm a sloppy writer and that I rarely have anything really outstanding or groudbreaking to say but it is still fun just to get on here and blabber. I tend to keep my mouth shut unless I know what I'm talking about, and that I'm sure I know what I'm talking about, so finding technical articles on this site will be rare, but I might find the courage to bang one or two out for public consumption. I'm not much of an extrovert really which also makes these writings a bit of an oddity. I'm always the one at the back of the party just drinking away and happy to find one person to have a decent conversation with. And even then I'm not much of a conversationalist.

I've actually come to find a bit of comfort in having this (and hopefully soon, if frickin' 1and1 gets off its ass, will be able to give that to Andy as well) and the addition of having other people able to read it is a way of keeping me honest and actually thinking about what I'm writing.

So, that's my story. What's yours? Why do you blog and what have you found in it?