---
id: 1585
title: New York!
date: 2010-10-04T22:52:23+00:00
layout: post
guid: http://top-frog.com/?p=1585
permalink: /2010/10/04/new-york/
categories:
  - Photography
  - Travel
tags:
  - big
  - city
  - empire state building
  - new york
  - Photography
  - travel
  - work
---
{% flickr_photo '5028919078' %}

I can't say the current job isn't without perks. I don't travel much but when I do its to nice places. I can't argue with San Francisco and New York. Salt Lake I could probably whine about a bit 😉

More pics after the jump.



The view from above the city is a must see. Looking out over the city from the 102nd floor of the Empire State building was something else. Even in the dark the scale of what was around me was incredible.

{% flickr_photo '5038429670' %}

I wasn't there long. Just a 4 day whirlwind tour of downtown Manhattan. We stayed within a few blocks of the Empire State Building so it was easy to find my way home if I need to. Living in Colorado its always easy to orient yourself if you can get a view of the Mountains (and most times you can) but in NY I was a little turned around once in a while. There's no frame of reference. I could keep going in the direction I had to go but figuring out which way was north sometimes proved a challenge.

{% flickr_photo '5028940370' %}

The sheer size of the city really dwarfs anything else I've experienced. Though, that may be because I was too young when in London and other european cities to really grasp their scale. But our trip to Yankee Stadium even got the cab driver lost. How often is it that the tourists are giving the cabbie directions? The new stadium is gorgeous. Coors field is nice, don't get me wrong, but there's just something damn cool about being able to see the train passing right field.

{% flickr_photo '5043646366' %}

All in all, though, I am happy to be back home. Though I'll be back to New York, Denver is more my pace. That and I enjoy being able to step outside for some fresh air and when it rains the temperature actually drops. I can understand if violent crime rises during a summer rain in NY… that was damn uncomfortable.

{% flickr_photo '5044157233' %}

{% flickr_photo '5037810901' %}

{% flickr_photo '5037809945' %}

{% flickr_photo '5037808907' %}

{% flickr_photo '5038411782' %}

{% flickr_photo '5037792767' %}

{% flickr_photo '5037791661' %}

{% flickr_photo '5037779523' %}

{% flickr_photo '5032605594' %}

{% flickr_photo '5028941190' %}
